# Mosaic-Math
To store and back-up my upgrades to MOSAIC (cite: http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/1993ASPC...52..393V), esp. its ANALYZE MOSAIC routine.

***PLEASE NOTE***: Originally this repository was private because my additions and changes to this code package have not yet been integrated as GUI-accessible menu options. This is very much a work in progress that I had to make public because I had to downgrade to a free account since my student/educator discount expired, GitHub is rejecting my institutional email address for some reason, and, as an upper-level grad student, it's difficult to provide GitHub alternative proof of enrollment over the summer. The direction my PhD project is taking me, plus the number of similar open-source packages developed around the same time by teams of professionals, means this lone, tired grad student's add-ons may not be developed much further. The original Mosaic-Math package with no dangling modifiers is here: https://www.astro.ufl.edu/~varosi/mosaic/ (also open source). My additions are available as-is, without license or warranty. Although I've worked in a number of error handling loops and explicitly noted the unfinished/nonfunctional parts as I went, I have neither the coding proficiency nor the money to be held liable for any damages my code may cause if run in ways I have not tried and/or did not intend. I don't know how you could possibly do any major or permanent damage with this, but I'm neither smart enough nor dumb enough to find out.
